README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: Revamp Multi-Timer app with Dappit branding and initial layout
- Updated README.md to reflect project context, MVP requirements, and future features.
- Redesigned global styles in globals.css to incorporate Dappit brand colors and typography.
- Modified layout.tsx to use Poppins font and updated metadata for the app.
- Revamped homepage (page.tsx) with a new header, main content, and a coming soon section for the stopwatch component.
- Added Dappit logo SVGs for both light and dark backgrounds.
- Created tailwind.config.ts to extend Tailwind CSS with custom fonts and colors.

README.md, after:

# Multi-Timer

## Context

The six developers at Dappit software development agency bill client work based on hourly rates. This requires tracking time across multiple projects and tasks throughout the day. Having a simple and elegant multi-timer web app with multiple stopwatches for different tasks will be hugely beneficial.

## MVP Requirements

1. Stopwatches work seamlessly: starting or resuming a certain watch pauses all other ones.
2. A central number shows how much time I’ve done for the day, which is the sum of the active watches.
3. The app keeps a history of timestamps when watches were started and stopped, so I can have a breakdown of what I did and when.
4. If I lose internet connection or close the browser, it keeps the progress. If I lose the watches, I lose my billing time for the day. This is another reason why point 3 is important (to store a cache of times stopped and started).

## Future Features

1. Integrate with ClickUp, Linear, or any other project management software to pull tasks in for the day that can give names to the watches.
2. Potentially sync with Zoho Books to make logging the hours easier at the end of the day.

## Work Completed So Far

- [x] Next.js project initialization
- [x] Connection with GitHub
- [x] Connection with Vercel
- [x] Consolidate app styling with Dappit brand guidelines
  - [x] Implemented Poppins font (primary Dappit typeface)
  - [x] Applied Dappit color palette (#202020, #F3F3F3, #01D9B5, #FF7F50)
  - [x] Set up proper typography with recommended letter spacing and line height
  - [x] Moved Dappit logos to public folder
  - [x] Created minimal, professional homepage design
  - [x] Configured Tailwind with Dappit brand colors

## Immediate Next Steps

1. ~~Consolidate app styling~~ ✅ **COMPLETED**
2. Create basic stopwatch component
3. Add stopwatch to the homepage
